I will erase all the memories that I left for you
I hope so I can't remember you
I can't approach you anymore
My heart is scared with this feeling
Take all your memories, I want to erase all of them
Done for me
Can I delete it completely?
Can I get out of you?
Can I erase all the memories of my love?
It can't happen anymore
I can't get any closer
I run like carzy
Go to place that without you
Love has faded away and the memory that remaining were painful
The memory that you left me became a thorn
I want everything to disappear
I want it all erased
Please you let me left so I can rest
I can't leave because I know it's you
I'll throw away all my memories with you
I can't approach you anymore
My heart is scared with this feeling
Take all your memories, I want to erase all of them
Done for me
Get away from my memory
Take all of your memories too
please erase it all even your longing
I won't miss you anymore
I'll forget every moment and everything
Even your little trace
I will erase all the memories that I left for you
I hope so I can't remember you
I can't approach you anymore
I'm so afraid with this feeling
I want to erase everyting
Done for me
I have no choice but to leave you
Because we're gonna have to go away
Please forgive me
Hope we will meet again someday
Done for me